Colors Colors
Hey look at the colors you can see
PRIMARY COLORS there are three
Red, Yellow, and Blue
Oh Red, Yellow, and Blue are Primary
Now when you mix Red and Yellow you get ORANGE
When you mix Yellow and Blue you get GREEN
And when you mix Blue and Red
When you mix Blue and Red
When you mix Blue and Red you get PURPLE
Colors Colors
Now look at the NEW colors you can see
SECONDARY COLORS there are three
Orange, Green, and Purple
Orange, Green, and Purple are Secondary
There are Warm and Cool colors you can see
Yes, Warm and Cool colors that you can see
WARM: Red, Orange, and Yellow
COOL: Green, Blue, and Purple
There are warm and cool colors that you can see
Colors Colors